OSDOCS-4521-batch2:adds the second batch of bugs (#54117)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-12-olm-bug-fixes"]
==== Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM)

> * For {OCP} {ocp-version}, the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) now upgrades an Operator according to the Operator's component references. A change to the custom resource definition (CRD) status of an Operator does not impact the OLM Operator upgrade process. Before the {OCP} {ocp-version} release, OLM would upgrade an Operator according to the Operator's CRD status. A CRD lists component references in an order defined by the group/version/kind (GVK) identifier. Operators that share the same components might cause the GVK to change the component listings for an Operator, and this can cause the OLM to require more system resources to continuously update the status of a CRD. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-3795[*OCPBUGS-3795*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For {product-title} {product-version}, the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) now upgrades an Operator according to the Operator's component references. A change to the custom resource definition (CRD) status of an Operator does not impact the OLM Operator upgrade process. Before the {product-title} {product-version} release, OLM would upgrade an Operator according to the Operator's CRD status. A CRD lists component references in an order defined by the group/version/kind (GVK) identifier. Operators that share the same components might cause the GVK to change the component listings for an Operator, and this can cause the OLM to require more system resources to continuously update the status of a CRD. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-3795[*OCPBUGS-3795*])
```

> * Before the {OCP} {ocp-version} release, the `package-server-manager` controller would not revert any changes made to a `package-server` cluster service version (CSV), because of an issue with the `on-cluster` function. These persistent changes might impact how an Operator starts in a cluster. For {OCP} {ocp-version}, the `package-server-manager` controller always rebuilds a `package-server` CSV to its original state, so that no modifications to the CSV persist after a cluster upgrade operation. The `on-cluster` function no longer controls the state of a `package-server` CSV. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-867[*OCPBUGS-867*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before the {product-ttle} {product-version} release, the `package-server-manager` controller would not revert any changes made to a `package-server` cluster service version (CSV), because of an issue with the `on-cluster` function. These persistent changes might impact how an Operator starts in a cluster. For {product-title} {pproduct-version}, the `package-server-manager` controller always rebuilds a `package-server` CSV to its original state, so that no modifications to the CSV persist after a cluster upgrade operation. The `on-cluster` function no longer controls the state of a `package-server` CSV. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-867[*OCPBUGS-867*])
```
